5630 add documentation for recovery device feature (#5655)
Scille/parsec-cloud: newsfragments/5630.doc.rst

Add documentation for the ``recovery device`` feature.

> That is an old feature that wasn't documented until now.

Reviewer: What about:
```suggestion
This feature was introduced in v2.6.0 and it was not documented until now.
```
